cover a little round the stadium
if you are going to leave box professor alfaro
but just to have a pan
this is part of the technology of the world cup
there is our camera and there they have use of the multi-destination signal
here I must another one with site so that it gives more angle and I did not come so much chest
what our producers call cut above
nurseries of what is happening
the spectacular camera this camera
we're alone
he tells me to get the illegal power off to the iris
what happens and
we are going to live to the famous free
the index was solved
on that site in 4 floors press points
two of the media guys in cieza
to carry out their activities
we can finish
but first you must account for Lebanon
telephone i + d
in Germany
river and the newspaper
mario gómez so
it seems to me that we pause
Norway New Zealand
there very well
medellin
the havana 19 ene
I see the difference between Germany and Costa Rica
martínez valero
the third division
the secret